Add how many executors (#5043)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/departments/engineering/teams/batch-changes/go-to-market/server-side/index.md

#### How should issues with executors be escalated?

Executors are beta, and we encounter a very heterogenous customer setup, so it's expected that executor-related questions will be escalated fast. Raise either via the normal channels, or in #wg-shipping-executors.

#### How many executors do customers need to run batch changes?

This highly depends on the number of concurrent batch changes, the nature of the batch changes, and the number of repositories per batch change.

> The general answers is the more executors the better (workfloads will be executed fast), but also the more cost.

Reviewer: "Better" sounds so vague, WDYT?

```suggestion
The general answers is the more executors the higher the throughput and the snappier the feedback cycle (workfloads will be executed fast), but also the more cost.
```
